OK so let's start adding the stylus and the animation for this.
This is going.
This one is going to be inside blocks of course.
So I'm going to make reference to the home blocks.
We did here the parent container of all the elements.
So I'm going to go right here the bottom and we're going to start doing it.
It's going to say Dot and home blocks.
Now we're going to use flex to show this.
So the first one is going to be a display and flex right.
Just for simplicity I'm not going to add with Web Kit flacs and then Miles flaks just going to do it
for Web Kit.
So OK we have the flex and we can have a direction.
So it's going to be flex direction and we're going to use roll now.
We want everything in a row then we want to select the flex and the wrap and the wrap is going to be
wrapped.
Right.
So we wanted to add a margin top can say margin.
And then just top and the margin is going to be 40 pixels.
No we can just separate.
The it's described to us from the Bloks we have right here.
So now we need to make reference to each item that we have right here.
Each item we have the class right here.
So they want to make reference to that we're going to copy home blocks right here the bottom and say
Dot item right.
So each item is going to have a flex grow of one.
Now the position is going to be relative relative frigate.
Now we're going to have a fixed hide and it's going to be two hundred and seventy pixels and then the
overflow is going to be hidden.
Now whenever we Hoeber and this can have a tax rate here.
So whenever this is want this one it's out of the box it should be should be hidden.
So we want to set the flow hit him for that.
So we have the 200 or so of pixels and we set overflow and then just hand.
Right.
And if you go right here of course you're going to get something.
But now it looks nice and notice that this one is already big.
This one is medium and this one is small.
It's grabbing the classes that we are passing right here an item type.
So that's working.
Now what we need to do is we need to set up some of some just some values for the large medium and small.
So again going to make reference to home blocks and begin to make reference to that item.
And we want to grab the large one the large one right there we go.
So the large one is going to have with and it's going to have with a 50 percent then we can have the
same thing for medium.
So going to go type medium but this one is going to be a little bit smaller.
So we're going to say 30 and then we can have the small it's going to copy and paste that and say it
is Sam.
Now the S M is going to have a 20 you know 50 plus 30 plus 20 100 percent.
So it's going to just wrap everything.
Good.
OK.
So what is next.
We need to set the image for this.
So I'm going to go right here at the bottom and make reference again to home that blocks.
Now again make reference to item and now we want to style the image.
And of course we we we have a class for this on each element.
And I believe it's going to be right here image.
So back to the SS and when to add styles.
So each image is going to be it's going to be a height of 270 pixels you know the full height of the
block we have right here.
So we can have a background size for this.
It's going to be the background and it can say background and then to size and the size is going to
be cover.
And then important Breguet.
Now we're going to have a background position.
Everything is going to be centered.
So I'm going to say background and then position and then center center everything is going to be centered.
And then of course a mistake center Burguet And of course this is going to be important.
Right.
I can look at right now let's just add the title the at the styles for the title not just the other
works.
We can have a tiny problem.
Whenever we load the application it's just going to show all at the same time and we don't want that
we want just different behavior.
I can scroll down and you know it's just like this and we're going to do this directly from the CSSA.
So let's first add the styles to the title.
You're going to see it right now.
But now we're going to add it right now.
And just to save some time we're going to say home and blocks we're going to make reference to item
item and we make reference to the title.
So the title is going to have a background of black you know something simple black you can have a panning
of 10 pixels and then begin to have a transition.
Whenever we Hoover the block this title it's going to show.
Right.
So we're going to have a chat session and the recession is going to anime it all is going to take 500
milliseconds and it's going to be it's in out right.
So now let's add the animation for this Hoeber event so we can get a copy of this just for simplicity
and what we want to trigger this new styles this animation.
Whenever we do Hoover on the item Hoover So OK.
So what we want to do we want to animate this from bottom to top.
You know whenever we Hoover it's going to go from bottom to top.
So we want to use to transform going to use transform and then we say translate.
I made a mistake.
Translated.
OK.
There you go translate.
And we want to animate zero pixels and then I'm going to say minus and 39 right and just close it.
Good.
Now again we need to do the transitions all going to just copy and paste it.
So whenever this starts this item of course since it's a block item it's going to be just below the
image.
So it's going to be right here.
It's going to begin.
So we hope for and this one is going to do the animation is going to translate is just going to animate
the element from bottom to top and it's going to stop and then we when we remove it it's going to go
to the original position.
And we have the transitions all on both elements it's going to go and go back just go in and go back.
Let's see if this is happening on our project.
If we're working let's get right now.
This one is too small for this.
You know you're going to have a problem right there.
You know it's good anyways.
OK.
So what else.
This blue link.
I just really I don't like that.
So I'm going to just make reference to that link and change the color of the link and say item dot title
and then a.
Right and the A It's going to have a color and the color it's going to be just a white color but a good
so we are almost there.
What else do we need to do.
So whenever we go to the original and scroll down we have this effect as if for now whenever we just
reload the application and scroll down it's animating all the elements just in blocks but we don't want
that.
Now what we can do we can delay the transition for each element.
If it's large it's going to bring that big at first and if it's a medium it's going to wait a few seconds
just a few milliseconds and then animated.
We can do this from CSSA.
So I'm going to go right here.
I'm going to just make reference to the home blocks.
I'm going to select the item we want to animate and the first one is going to be the large.
OK.
So there is a property on CSX that it's going to be animation delay.
So pretty much we add a delay to each animation.
So since I'm using Chrome I'm just going to use Web Kit.
OK.
Can I have it right here.
Just let me copy paste it.
Me use weskit animation delay.
This is going to delay the animation principle.
If you're using different vendors like Mozilla Firefox we have to use Dorsch mouse dash animation.
And for Microsoft from Internet Explorer we do Dorsch M-S just to save time.
I'm just going to do Web Kit because I'm using Chrome right.
So we're going to add a delay to the animation and it should be working right now.
If I scroll down you know it's working.
So I'm going to just do the same thing for the other ones and just increase the animation delay.
OK.
This one is going to be 500 and instead of large it's going to be empty.
I'm just going to copy this one and make reference to the small one.
It's going to be awesome and I'm just going to type 800.
Now you can type whatever you want right here.
If I read the application go down.
OK.
So it's working.
That's good.
All right.
So now what is next.
The only thing left is to add this veil effect this over in black.
So I'm going to go right here at the bottom and I've going to make reference to this veil we created
before I was going to say home locks and then item and then dot veil.
So this veil is going to be floating on top of the whole element.
So it's going to be a position absolute.
So right again this first set of background and the background is going to be black.
So as hash tag and six zeroes right begin to set an opacity for this.
And the capacity I've chosen 0.7 now the hide is going to be absolute.
We can use percent's.
So I'm going to set it to 100 percent.
And the with is going to be 100.
No make sense.
We're going to cover the whole elements.
You want to send it to top when to everything to be on top and then we sent the position position and
then it's going to be absolute right since we want to animate whenever we Hoover we need to use the
transition.
And I'm going to just animate all transitions.
Right.
So now we need to go you know it's good but we need to add animation to this to the Hoover event.
So get a copy of this go right here at the bottom and open and close.
It says We want to trigger whoever is going to select the item and say Hoover.
And the only thing we need to do right here is change the opacity.
The person he is now is going to be 0.7.
Going to be zero.
So I'm going to go ahead and delete the seven since we want to trigger a transition.
I'm going to just do transition.
All you can do on the transition opacity right here instead of all good now should be working good to
go right here.
OK.
It's working.
If I do however get to everything looks nice when we make it bigger we go.
I'm using Windows 10 of course.
There you go.
So that's better.
Me just do it again.
OK.
So this is working.
We're going to go to the next component.
It's going to be the pole components right here.
We have just a poll who will be the champion.
And whenever we click this is going to just add a boat to it.
And of course this boats are going to be saved into the Jason database of course.
And you know again I'm going to change some values right now.
Whenever we click this is going to re render and do some things inside here.
Let's go to the next section and begin to talk about this component.